README.md, before:

# NBA Top 8 2019-2020

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/nba`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'nba'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install nba

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/<github username>/nba.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Renamed executable file and updated README

README.md, after:

# NBA 2019-2020

This is a list of 25 NBA Teams. Select a team for more information like team record, location, win percentage and playoff seed.


## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'nba'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install nba

## Usage

Select a team by corresponding number. You may select another team from the next menu by number or exit the program by typing exit.

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/<github username>/nba.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
